What? I am the Holy One
As soon as you wait for you in crime, the Xiao family will live or die
You pick up the Immortal Fire yourself
These two idiots
What did you cut?
It should be for us, Lord Saint Venerable
Lord Saint Venerable withdraws his order through the sky
How can I, a mortal, follow?
Activate the ready guard
Take the private jet out
Plant the horse
You must reach the assistant year
It's not you, you said you want to go out to spend, right?
This is my last chance to give him Xiao Shihao
Hahaha wonderful
Really wonderful
I thought your previous behavior was bad enough
I didn't expect you to beg for death in a different way.
Master Xiao's status as a favorite
Even the god of war in my temple
It's got to be polite.
Xiao Family, please make this call
There is no room for recovery with the Xiao family
If I remember correctly
The last person who dared to yell at my grandfather
Is the president of the Jiangnan Association
He is still in a mental hospital
Even going to the toilet has to be reported
Stinky Xuan, you are going to accompany his cousin soon
youthful
There's always a price to pay
Be a good person in your next life
Better get rid of your blind stink
Little family swordsman, you rob